[ADD] Manufacturing: Configure product for manufacturing (#5125)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/configure_manufacturing_product.rst

|BOM| is a list of the components and operations required to manufacture a product.

To create a |BOM| for a specific product, navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products -->
Products`, then select the product. On the product page, click the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials`
smart button at the top of the page, then select :guilabel:`New` to configure a new |BOM|.

.. image:: configure_manufacturing_product/bom-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Bill of Materials smart button on a product page.

On the |BOM|, the :guilabel:`Product` field will auto-populate with the product. In the
:guilabel:`Quantity` field, specify the number of units that the BoM produces.

Add a component to the |BOM| by selecting the :guilabel:`Components` tab and clicking :guilabel:`Add
a line`. Select a component from the :guilabel:`Component` drop-down menu, then enter the quantity
in the :guilabel:`Quantity` field. Continue adding components on new lines until all components have
been added.

.. image:: configure_manufacturing_product/components-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Components tab on a bill of materials.

> Next, select the :guilabel:`Operations` tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` and a :guilabel:`Create

Reviewer: The Operations tab on the BOM isn't available by default. We have to enable the Work Orders setting first. Perhaps add an admonition block following this section explaining how to do so?

Operations` pop-up window appears. In the :guilabel:`Operation` field, specify the name of the
operation being added (e.g. Assemble, Cut, etc.). Select the work center where the operation will be
carried out from the :guilabel:`Work Center` drop-down menu. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save & Close`
to finish adding operations or :guilabel:`Save & New` to add more.

.. image:: configure_manufacturing_product/operations-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Operations tab on a bill of materials.

.. admonition:: Learn more

   The section above provides instructions for creating a basic |BOM| that will allow a product to be
   manufactured in Odoo. However, it is by no means an exhaustive summary of all the options available
   when configuring a |BOM|. For more information about bills of materials, see the documentation on

>    how to :ref:`create a bill of materials <manufacturing/management/bill-configuration>`.

Reviewer: It's also possible to link related eLearning tutorials, if you believe they're suitable (:

The convention for linking eLearning tutorials is "Odoo Tutorials: " followed by the lesson name, then the link to the eLearning page.

```suggestion
   how to :ref:`create a bill of materials <manufacturing/management/bill-configuration>`.
   
 .. see also::
 - `Odoo Tutorials: MO and WO Basics <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/702/share>`_
 - `Odoo Tutorials: BoM Basics <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/2790/share>`_
```

> ===================================
> Configure product for manufacturing
> ===================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
===================================
Manufacturing product configuration
===================================
```
only suggesting this because, in the past, JCS has said we shouldn't start any main doc titles with verbs - but perhaps that's changed - either way, just thought it was worth mentioning

.. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`

In order to manufacture a product in Odoo *Manufacturing*, the product must be properly configured.

> Doing so consists of enabling the Manufacturing route and configuring a Bill of Materials (BoM) for

Reviewer 3: formatting suggestions
- italicize the route name since it's a clickable setting
- lowercase the term since it's not a proper noun, and bolden the first instance of it like we might do in a textbook (I think I'd like that to be a team-wide guideline, wdyt?)

```suggestion
Doing so consists of enabling the *Manufacturing* route and configuring a **bill of materials (BoM)** for
```

the product. Once these steps are completed, the product is selectable when creating a new
manufacturing order.

> Activate the Manufacture route
> ==============================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manufacture route activation
============================
```
just another way to word it to keep the proper noun "Manufacture route" capitalized without it seeming un-uniform

The Manufacture route is activated for each product on its product page. To do so, begin by
navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products`, then select an existing

> product or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
product, or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.
```

> The Manufacture route is activated for each product on its product page. To do so, begin by
> navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products`, then select an existing
> product, or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.

Reviewer 3: Italicize the setting name.

The first sentence here, as it's written, confused me I had to read it twice.
I think it means to communicate that the route is activated on a product's _own/unique_ product page.

We're also missing a conjunction in the second sentence, and there are possibly some mixed tenses here.

Suggestion # 1, which retains most of what you wrote originally
```suggestion
The *Manufacture* route is activated for each product, on its own product page. Do so by
navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products`, and then selecting an existing
product, or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.
```

_
Suggestion # 2 condenses two sentences into one, and adds time order language to indicate that this is the first step.
```suggestion
First, activate the *Manufacture* route on a product's page by navigating to
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products`, and then select an existing
product (or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`).
```

On the product page, select the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab, then enable the :guilabel:`Manufacture`

> checkbox in the :guilabel:`Routes` section. This tells Odoo that the product can be manufactured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
checkbox in the :guilabel:`Routes` section. This tells Odoo the product can be manufactured.
```

.. image:: configure_manufacturing_product/manufacturing-route.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Manufacturing route on the Inventory tab of a product page.

> Configure a Bill of Materials (BoM)

Reviewer 3: headings are supposed to be in sentence case 
bill of materials is not a proper noun

===================================

> Next, a |BOM| must be configured for the product so that Odoo will know how it is manufactured. A
> |BOM| is a list of the components and operations required to manufacture a product.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, a |BOM| must be configured for the product, so Odoo knows how it is manufactured. A |BOM| is a
list of components and operations required to manufacture a product.
```

To create a |BOM| for a specific product, navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products -->
Products`, then select the product. On the product page, click the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials`
smart button at the top of the page, then select :guilabel:`New` to configure a new |BOM|.

.. image:: configure_manufacturing_product/bom-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Bill of Materials smart button on a product page.

> On the |BOM|, the :guilabel:`Product` field will auto-populate with the product. In the
> :guilabel:`Quantity` field, specify the number of units that the BoM produces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the |BOM|, the :guilabel:`Product` field auto-populates with the product. In the
:guilabel:`Quantity` field, specify the number of units the BoM produces.
```

Add a component to the |BOM| by selecting the :guilabel:`Components` tab and clicking :guilabel:`Add
a line`. Select a component from the :guilabel:`Component` drop-down menu, then enter the quantity
in the :guilabel:`Quantity` field. Continue adding components on new lines until all components have
been added.

.. image:: configure_manufacturing_product/components-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Components tab on a bill of materials.

Next, select the :guilabel:`Operations` tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` and a :guilabel:`Create
Operations` pop-up window appears. In the :guilabel:`Operation` field, specify the name of the
operation being added (e.g. Assemble, Cut, etc.). Select the work center where the operation will be
carried out from the :guilabel:`Work Center` drop-down menu. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save & Close`

> to finish adding operations or :guilabel:`Save & New` to add more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to finish adding operations, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to add more.
```

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Operations` tab only appears if the :guilabel:`Work Orders` setting is enabled. To
   do so, navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings`, then enable the
   :guilabel:`Work Orders` checkbox.

.. image:: configure_manufacturing_product/operations-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Operations tab on a bill of materials.

.. admonition:: Learn more

>    The section above provides instructions for creating a basic |BOM| that will allow a product to
>    be manufactured in Odoo. However, it is by no means an exhaustive summary of all the options
>    available when configuring a |BOM|. For more information about bills of materials, see the
>    documentation on how to :ref:`create a bill of materials
>    <manufacturing/management/bill-configuration>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The section above provides instructions for creating a basic |BOM| that allows a product to be
   manufactured in Odoo. However, it is by no means an exhaustive summary of all the options
   available when configuring a |BOM|. For more information about bills of materials, see the
   documentation on how to :ref:`create a bill of materials
   <manufacturing/management/bill-configuration>`.
```
